---
# Generated by scripts/aggregate-changelogs. WARNING: Manual edits to this files will be overwritten.
changes_categories:
- Connectivity
changes_entry:
  repository: giantswarm/external-dns-app
  url: https://github.com/giantswarm/external-dns-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#330---2025-12-05
  version: 3.3.0
  version_tag: v3.3.0
date: '2025-12-05T12:24:28'
description: Changelog entry for giantswarm/external-dns-app version 3.3.0, published
  on 05 December 2025, 12:24.
title: external-dns-app release v3.3.0
---

### Important changes
- TXT registry record formatting has changed in this version. After upgrading, external-dns creates new TXT records, but existing (old) records will not be deleted automatically; manual cleanup by the operator is required.
- The value `.Values.provider` has been deprecated in favour of `.Values.provider.name`.
### Changed
- Use kubectl-apply-job when installing CRDs.
- Upgrade external-dns to v0.20.0.
- Update DNSEndpoints CRD.
- Sync to upstream helm chart `1.19.0`.
  - Grant `discovery.k8s.io/endpointslices` permission only when using `service` source. 
  - Update RBAC for `Service` source to support `EndpointSlices`.
  - Allow extraArgs to also be a map enabling overrides of individual values.
  - Set defaults for `automountServiceAccountToken` and `serviceAccount.automountServiceAccountToken` to `true` in Helm chart values.
  - Correctly handle `txtPrefix` and `txtSuffix` arguments when both are provided.
  - Add ability to generate schema with `helm plugin schema`.
  - Regenerate JSON schema with `helm-values-schema-json' plugin.
  - Added ability to configure `imagePullSecrets` via helm `global` value.
  - Added options to configure `labelFilter` and `managedRecordTypes` via dedicated helm values.
  - Allow templating `serviceaccount.annotations` keys and values, by rendering them using the `tpl` built-in function.
  - Added support for `extraContainers` argument.
  - Added support for setting `excludeDomains` argument.
  - Added support for setting `dnsConfig`.
  - Added support for webhook providers.
- Restrict managed record types to A and CNAME.
