---
# Generated by scripts/aggregate-changelogs. WARNING: Manual edits to this files will be overwritten.
changes_categories:
- Observability
changes_entry:
  repository: giantswarm/silence-operator
  url: https://github.com/giantswarm/silence-operator/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#0150---2025-05-14
  version: 0.15.0
  version_tag: v0.15.0
date: '2025-05-14T07:54:17'
description: Changelog entry for giantswarm/silence-operator version 0.15.0, published
  on 14 May 2025, 07:54.
title: silence-operator release v0.15.0
---

### Added
- Migrate from Giant Swarm deprecated operatorkit framework to kube-builder.
- Add CiliumNetworkPolicy support.
### Changed
- Migrate from Giant Swarm deprecated `operatorkit` framework to `kube-builder`. This change introduces a few **breaking changes**:
  - Operator configuration has been moved from a configmap to command-line arguments. **This does not affect helm chart users**
  - The operator needs new rbac capabilities to be able manage `leases` and to create `events`
  - http port has been changed from 8000 to 8080.
  - Finalizers set on silences have been changed from `operatorkit.giantswarm.io/silence-operator-silence-controller` to `monitoring.giantswarm.io/silence-protection`
- **helm** `.registry.domain` has been renamed to `image.registry` (**breaking change**)
- **helm** deprecated PodSecurityPolicy has been removed (**breaking change** with kubernetes < 1.25)
- Use `app-build-suite` to build the operator.
- Changed container image from alpine to a non-root distroless image.
### Fixed
- Fixed the linting errors from golangci-lint v2.
### Removed
- Remove the unnecessary sync job to rely on GitOps. **Breaking change**: this means that you should now use your favorite GitOps tool (flux, ArgoCD) to deploy silences on your clusters.
- Removed Giant Swarm legacy `microerrors` package for error handling
