---
date: 2021-10-08T10:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending October 8, 2021
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---
## Apps

[nginx-ingress-controller-app](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#230---2021-10-07) v2.3.0 updates the controller image to upstream [v1.0.3](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/releases/tag/controller-v1.0.3) to fix problems some users had with a special LUA module.

## Documentation

Terminology update: what has been called "master nodes" by the Kubernetes project in the past is now called the Control plane or the control plane nodes. We are aligning with these changes in our documentation as well as the user interfaces. Note that we are making an exception for gsctl and the Rest API, which we plan to phase out in the future.

## User interfaces

We have several important changes in `kubectl gs`:

- The `template cluster` and `template nodepool` commands will automatically use the namespace of the organization owning the cluster.
- We added the command [`get releases`](https://docs.giantswarm.io/use-the-api/kubectl-gs/get-releases/) to fetch information on cluster releases.
- The `template nodepool` command now ensures the `giantswarm.io/machine-pool` labels for each worker node in a node pool, both on AWS and Azure.

Users of `gsctl` will notice deprecation warnings in a growing number of commands with new releases. These will inform you on which `kubectl gs` command to check out as a replacement. If you are using `gsctl` in automation, these warnings are printed to STDERR and as we hope should not affect your processing of any STDOUT output.
