---
date: 2025-02-20T14:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending 2025-02-20
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

### Observability

- **Loki App 0.27.0**: Upgraded components including Loki and Minio for enhanced performance and features. Important: The Minio upgrade is significant; please test thoroughly.

- **ETCD Kubernetes Resources Count Exporter 1.10.1**: Improved security and compatibility with updated policies and dependencies.

- **Node Exporter App 1.20.1**: Updated policies for better integration and reliability.

- **Dashboards 3.30.0**: Added team labels to the Karpenter dashboard and removed the outdated CAPI Overview dashboard.

- **Logging Operator 0.21.0 & 0.22.0**: Enhanced log labeling and expanded event collection for better insights and monitoring.

- **Observability Operator 0.13.3 - 0.15.0**: Streamlined operations and fixed several issues for improved performance and stability.

- **Prometheus Rules 4.37.0 - 4.42.1**: Added new alerts, updated configurations, and removed noisy alerts for clearer monitoring.

### Connectivity

- **Kong App 4.5.1**: Enhanced flexibility in configuration with customizable policies and job settings.

- **Envoy Gateway App 0.2.0**: Upgraded to the latest version for improved capabilities and removed redundant components.

- **Gateway API Bundle 0.1.0**: Introduced new components for better network management and configuration.

- **Gateway API CRDs App 1.2.0**: Updated to the latest CRDs for enhanced channel selection and compatibility.

- **Gateway API Config App 0.1.0 & 0.2.0**: Made Gateway and Certificate configurations more customizable and user-friendly.

### Security

- **Kyverno Policies DX & UX 0.6.0 & 0.8.0**: Strengthened validation actions and protection policies for enhanced security.

- **Athena 1.13.1**: Simplified configurations by removing unused settings.

- **Falco App 0.10.0**: Updated to the latest version for better security monitoring.

- **Kyverno Policy Operator 0.1.4**: Improved policy exception handling for smoother operations.

- **Policy Meta Operator 0.0.2 & 0.0.3**: Enhanced namespace handling and automated exception management.

### App Delivery

- **App Admission Controller 1.0.1**: Optimized retry intervals to comply with API server timeouts for more efficient operations.

- **App Exporter 1.0.1**: Extended team information retrieval for more comprehensive data exportation.

## Docs

- [Updates on how to multi tenancy is configured for logs](https://docs.giantswarm.io/tutorials/observability/data-ingestion/logs/#using-podlogs).
- [New connectivity page explaining how we use Cilium in our clusters](https://docs.giantswarm.io/overview/connectivity/cni).
- [New page in our docs explaining the observability API](https://docs.giantswarm.io/overview/observability/observability-platform-api).
