---
# Generated by scripts/aggregate-changelogs. WARNING: Manual edits to this files will be overwritten.
changes_categories:
- kubectl gs
changes_entry:
  repository: giantswarm/kubectl-gs
  url: https://github.com/giantswarm/kubectl-gs/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1340---2021-07-30
  version: 1.34.0
  version_tag: v1.34.0
date: '2021-07-30T10:04:28'
description: Changelog entry for giantswarm/kubectl-gs version 1.34.0, published on
  30 July 2021, 10:04.
title: kubectl-gs release v1.34.0
---

Throughout our UIs and documentation we are aligning our terminology regarding cluster and node pool details, to use consistent terminology matching our Management API. The unique, immutable identifier that was formerly called ID in our user interfaces, is now called the name. The user-friendly, changeable description of the cluster's and node pool's purpose was called name in our UIs and is now called the description.
**Warning:** This terminology change results in a **breaking change** in the `template cluster` command, as the purpose of the flag `--name` has changed. Also several flags in other commands have been deprecated.
If you are upgrading from an earlier releases, apply these changes to migrate any scripts:
- When using `template cluster`, replace `--name` with `--description` to set the user-friendly cluster description, and replace `--cluster-id` with `--name` to set the cluster's unique identifier.
- When using `template nodepool`, replace `--cluster-id` with `--cluster-name`.
### Added
- `template app`: Added the `--namespace-annotations` and `--namespace-labels` flags to allow users to
  specify the `namespaceConfig` of the generated `App` manifest. Read [App CR's target namespace configuration](https://docs.giantswarm.io/app-platform/namespace-configuration/) for more information.
### Changed
- `get clusters`:
  - The output table header `ID` has been renamed to `NAME`.
- `get nodepools`:
  - The `--cluster-id` flag is now deprecated, replaced with `--cluster-name`.
  - Output column headers have been renamed from `ID` to `NAME` and from `CLUSTER ID` to `CLUSTER NAME`.
- `template cluster`:
  - Deprecated the `--cluster-id` flag.
  - Breaking: the `--name` flag changed purpose to set the cluster's unique identifier.
  - The `--description` flag has been added to set the user-friendly description.
- `template nodepool`:
  - Deprecated the `--cluster-id` flag, added the `--cluster-name` flag as a replacement.
  - Deprecated the `--nodepool-name` flag, add the `--description` flag as a replacement.
