---
# Generated by scripts/aggregate-changelogs. WARNING: Manual edits to this files will be overwritten.
changes_categories:
- Web UI
changes_entry:
  repository: giantswarm/happa
  url: https://github.com/giantswarm/happa/releases/tag/0.10.7
  version: 0.10.7
  version_tag: 0.10.7
date: '2020-01-15T08:57:38'
description: Changelog entry for giantswarm/happa version 0.10.7, published on 15
  January 2020, 08:57
title: happa Release v0.10.7
---

Greetings fellow Happa users and Happa followers. It is now possible to set an App's secret while installing it! Before this, it was possible to upload a secret for an app, but only after creating it. That meant you'd potentially have a misconfigured app for a moment, which isn't ideal. Now the install app modal contains a field for uploading your Secrets file too!

Other than that, Happa 0.10.7 brings quite a lot of behind the scenes development work to the table. 

We've discussed internally the future of Happa's codebase extensively, and these decisions are starting to be implemented and are now finding their way into the codebase.

## Changes:
  - It is now also possible to supply a secret when creating an app (#877)

## Bugfixes:
  - Fixed an issue when editing node pool names regarding truncation (#969)
  - Fixed the CPU and RAM label showing "0" when loading a 'v4' cluster. (#970)
  - Fixed a bug when loading keypairs (#985)
  - Fixed an infinite loop that could occur in the availability zone component (#992)

## Dev Changes
  - Internal data handling now uses await instead of promises and has been refactored (#928, #991, #982, #997)
  - Added some more tests around the organization management feature. (#958, #963) 
  - Updated various dependencies (#961, #966, #916, #972, #981, #996)
  - Various code style improvements and changes (#957, #944)
  - Use latest node version in our CI (#967)
  - Include the sha of the deployed Happa instance in our exception notification (#984, #995)
  - We decided to pin all dependencies in the package.json file (#983)

