---
# Generated by scripts/aggregate-changelogs. WARNING: Manual edits to this files will be overwritten.
changes_categories:
- Web UI
changes_entry:
  repository: giantswarm/happa
  url: https://github.com/giantswarm/happa/releases/tag/0.10.0
  version: 0.10.0
  version_tag: 0.10.0
date: '2019-11-25T11:12:14'
description: Changelog entry for giantswarm/happa version 0.10.0, published on 25
  November 2019, 11:12
title: happa Release v0.10.0
---

## New Features
- **Node Pool Support**
  On installations that have [node pools](https://docs.giantswarm.io/basics/nodepools/) enabled (this is still a preview feature)
  Happa will show a new cluster creation form where you can create and edit nodepools.
  The cluster detail screen is also updated, so that you can view and scale nodepools 
  after creating a cluster.

- **Cluster Deletion Date**
  When deleting a cluster, our systems need time to fully remove all related resources. 
  Sometimes deletion can be blocked due to an error or resource that we 
  are unable to clean up.
  To help make this visible we've added the deletion date to the cluster list 
  on the organisation detail page. Clusters that are being deleted will show up
  in the list until all their resources are succesfully removed by our operators.
  We'll continue to iterate on this feature in an upcomming release.

## Changes
- **New cluster creation form**: The cluster creation form has changed slightly
  to better suit the different types of clusters that Happa can create now depending
  on the installation.

- The Giant Swarm logo in the top left now redirects to the dashboard instead of
  our website.

- The App Catalog has seen a number of performance improvements.

- Version links on the cluster detail page are underlined to show that they
  are interactive clickable elements.

- The worker node limit is now enforced on KVM installations. In other words,
  it is no longer possible to create failing clusters that will not fit on your 
  installation.

## Bugfixes
- Navigating between organisations and the organisation list using the back button 
  works correctly now.

- Opening organisations in a new tab using `ctrl-click` works correctly now.

- Deep linking to an App in the App Catalog has been fixed.

- Ingress Port Mappings for KVM installations are back. 
  They were accidentally removed from the cluster detail screen.

- We now show a checkmark in the organisation list when that organisation is configured to use custom credentials.

## Dev Changes
We would also like to note that we've improved test coverage significantly
and the overall development experience.
We have also added exception notification to Happa. When an exception occurs
we will now be notified of it so that we can investigate and fix issues that
were previously unreported.
