---
# Generated by scripts/aggregate-changelogs. WARNING: Manual edits to this files will be overwritten.
changes_categories:
- Security
changes_entry:
  repository: giantswarm/starboard-exporter
  url: https://github.com/giantswarm/starboard-exporter/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#100---2026-01-20
  version: 1.0.0
  version_tag: v1.0.0
date: '2026-01-20T23:03:04'
description: Changelog entry for giantswarm/starboard-exporter version 1.0.0, published
  on 20 January 2026, 23:03.
title: starboard-exporter release v1.0.0
---

### Announcements
- **starboard-exporter now supports kubescape!** In addition to Trivy VulnerabilityReports, starboard-exporter now also supports reconciliation of Kubescape VulnerabilityManifests. Metrics have been updated to include a `scanner` label, indicating the source type of the data. Trivy and Kubescape can be used simultaneously, or individually toggled on and off. See the README for more information.
- There is a breaking change to one of the CLI flags in this version. The `--vulnerability-scans-enabled` flag has been renamed to `--trivy-vulnerability-scans-enabled` in order to facilitate the new Kubescape scanner support. **Users installing via the Helm chart are not affected.**
### Added
- Support for Kubescape vulnerability scanning via `VulnerabilityManifest` CR.
- Scanner label (`scanner="trivy"` or `scanner="kubescape"`) to all vulnerability metrics to distinguish between scanning sources.
- Command-line flag `--kubescape-vulnerability-scans-enabled`.
- Helm values configuration for enabling/disabling individual scanners under
  `exporter.vulnerabilityReports.scanners`.
- Added backwards compatibility for legacy `vulnerabilityReports.enabled` Helm value (now enables Trivy scanner)
### Changed
- Renamed Trivy-specific functions and constants to include "Trivy" prefix to distinguish them from Kubescape components while maintaining shared metrics.
- Command-line flag `--vulnerability-scans-enabled` to `--trivy-vulnerability-scans-enabled` (Breaking Change).
