---
# Generated by scripts/aggregate-changelogs. WARNING: Manual edits to this files will be overwritten.
aliases:
- /changes/tenant-cluster-releases-aws/releases/aws-v17.0.1/
changes_categories:
- Workload cluster releases for AWS
changes_entry:
  repository: giantswarm/releases
  url: https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/tree/master/aws/archived/v17.0.1
  version: 17.0.1
  version_tag: v17.0.1
date: '2022-02-23T10:00:00+00:00'
description: Release notes for AWS workload cluster release v17.0.1, published on
  23 February 2022, 10:00.
title: Workload cluster release v17.0.1 for AWS
---

This release allows one replica of `coredns` to run on the control plane nodes for clusters without any node pools.

> **_Warning:_** Kubernetes v1.22 removed certain APIs and features. More details are available in the [upstream blog post](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/07/14/upcoming-changes-in-kubernetes-1-22/).

**Known Issues**
- Java applications are unable to identify memory limits when using a `JRE` prior to v15 in a Control Groups v2 environment. Support was added in `JRE` v15 and later. More details are available in the [upstream issue](https://bugs.openjdk.java.net/browse/JDK-8230305). We recommend using the latest LTS JRE available (currently v17) to ensure continued compatibility with future releases.

**Control Groups v1**
To ensure a smooth transition, in case you need time to modify applications to make them compatible with Control Groups v2, we provide a mechanism that will allow using Control Groups v1 on specific node pools. More details are available in our [documentation](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/forcing-cgroupsv1/).

**Note when upgrading from v16 to v17:** Existing `Vertical Pod Autoscaler` app installations need to be removed from the workload cluster prior to upgrading to v17 because the `Vertical Pod Autscaler` is provided as a default application. The two applications have different names which leads to them fighting each other.

## Change details


### coredns [1.8.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/coredns-app/releases/tag/v1.8.0)

#### Changed
- Add deployment to run one replica of coredns in master nodes (for clusters with no node pools).
